h1. Elexis::Wiki::Interface

A Ruby Gem to allow pulling and pushing between Elexis source code repositories and the mediawiki installation

Use it at your own risk, as it is just a small utility gem to help for some release engineering for the Elexis-RCP. See http://elexis.info.

But I have an open ear for suggestions for improvements, especially if they come with a patch including specs.

License: GPLv3 or later

Copyright: 2014 (c) by Niklaus Giger <niklaus.giger@member.fsf.org>

h2. Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

bc.   $ gem 'elexis-wiki-interface'

And then execute:

bc.   $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

bc.   $ gem install elexis-wiki-interface

h2. Usage

bc.   require 'elexis/wiki/interface'
  if =  Elexis::Wiki::Interface.new
  if.pull # get actual mediawiki content and place it under doc inside the plugin
  if.push # push doc/*.mediwiki files to the wiki
  if.views_missing_documentation            # returns an array of plugin-ids
  if.perspectives_missing_documentation     # returns an array of plugin-ids
  if.plugins_missing_documentation          # returns an array of plugin-ids

Or you can inspire you from rthe spec/*_spec.rb files to see tested examples.

h3. Conventions

* You must create a directory config with a file hosts.yml containing the mediawiki-gateway configuration (host, username, password)

* The push/pull methods use the convention
** in page names all '.' are removed
** a plugin plugin.name has a page plugin.name
** a view view.name with a localized name localized_name has a page <plugin.name>Views<localized_name>
** a perspective perspective.name with a localized name localized_name has a page  P_<localized_name>

h3. Limitations

* No images are pulled/pushed at the moment.
* No multilingual support at the moment


h2. Contributing

# Fork it ( http://github.com/ngiger/elexis-wiki-interface/fork )
# Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
# Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
# Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
# Create new Pull Request
